Approved by security (#1435) (#1436)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/release-notes/2020-09-1/index.md

---
title: Okta API Products Release Notes
---

## 2020.09.1

| Change                                                    | Expected in Preview Orgs |
| --------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------ |
| [Bugs fixed in 2020.09.1](#bugs-fixed-in-2020-09-1)       | September 10, 2020           |

### Bugs fixed in 2020.09.1

> * When attempting to reset a user's password using the [`lifecycle/reset_password` endpoint](/docs/reference/api/users/#reset-password), admins received a 500 `Internal Server` error code rather than a valid error message if the user's email address was invalid. (OKTA-307089)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When attempting to reset a user's password using the [`lifecycle/reset_password` endpoint](/docs/reference/api/users/#reset-password), admins received an HTTP 500 error code rather than a valid error message if the user's email address was invalid. (OKTA-307089)
```

Author: Fixed.

> * If a [`Groups` claim](/docs/guides/customize-tokens-returned-from-okta/-/create-groups-claim/) returned more than 100 groups, then tokens couldn't be minted, which generated a `500 Internal Server` error code instead of a `400 Bad Request` error code. (OKTA-321988)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If a [`Groups` claim](/docs/guides/customize-tokens-returned-from-okta/-/create-groups-claim/) returned more than 100 groups, then tokens couldn't be minted, which generated an HTTP 500 error instead of an HTTP 400 error. (OKTA-321988)
```

Author: Fixed and also in the third blurb.
